## A1: Online Game Store

> For this project, we plan on developing a web interface for an online video game store that will sell video games for multiple platforms(Steam, Epic, PS5, Xbox, etc). Our goal is for clients to be able to find and buy video games, or DLC, and receive keys for the product’s activation, without having to search each platform individually.

> Users will be able to search games by entering the name, tags, platform, etc to a search field, or by selecting categories on the web interface. They can also sort by popularity, rating or newly added, finding the most popular, highest rated or most recent games first respectively. Purchased games will be stored in a library, users can see their friends library and buy video games as a gift. Users can also buy downloadable content for games that they already own, add games to a Wishlist and review previously bought games.

> The user groups are as follow:
> * Unauthenticated Users: Guests can only browse the store and register an account on the platform.
> * Authenticated Users: Users with registered accounts, in addition to browsing, will be able to purchase games for themselves or for friends, add games to the Wishlist, add friends, review purchased games, change their own account information and see their own purchase history.
> * Administrators: This user group will be able to manage the platform by adding or removing games, changing the game’s information, moderating reviews, etc. These accounts will only be available to the store’s managers.  